Projections (#104)
hallgren/eventsourcing: README.md

	s.unexported = snap.UnExported
	return nil
}
```

> ## Projections - Work in progress
> 
> Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Projections (Work in progress)

Projections is bla bla ...
```

Perhaps add a short introduction?

Reviewer 2: Spank you very much!

### ProjectionHandler

> The Projection handler is the central part where projections are created. It's available from the event repository by the `eventrepo.Projections()` property but can also be created by itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Projection handler is the central part where projections are created. It's available from the event repository by the `eventrepo.Projections()` method but can also be created standalone.
```

Reviewer: Or is it an actual property? Then the `()` parenthesis should be removed.

```go
// access via the event repositort
eventRepo := eventsourcing.NewEventRepository(eventstore)
ph := eventRepo.Projections

// creates without the event repository
ph := eventsourcing.NewProjectionHandler(register, encoder)
```

The projection handler include the event register and a encoder to deserialize events from an event store to an application event.

### Projection

> A projection is created from the projection handler via the `Projection()` method. The method takes a `fetchFunc` and a `callbackFunc` and return a pointer to a Projection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _projection_ is created from the projection handler via the `Projection()` method. The method takes a `fetchFunc` and a `callbackFunc` and returns a pointer to a Projection.
```

```go
p := ph.Projection(f fetchFunc, c callbackFunc)
```

> The fetchFunc must return a `core.Iterator` and a `error`. This is the same signature that event stores return when they return events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fetchFunc must return `(core.Iterator, error)`, i.e the same signature that event stores return when they return events.
```

```go
type fetchFunc func() (core.Iterator, error)
```

The `callbackFunc` is called for every iterated event. The event is typed and can be handled in the same way as the aggregate `Transition()` method.

```go
type callbackFunc func(e eventsourcing.Event) error
```

Example: Creates a projection that fetch all events from an event store and handle them in the callbackF.

```go

> p := eventRepo.Projections.Projection(es.All(0, 1), func(event eventsourcing.Event) error {

Reviewer: Seeing this code example makes me want an alias for this on the eventRepo:

```go
p := eventRepo.Project(es.All(0, 1), func(event eventsourcing.Event) error {
// ...
})

But that's just nice-to-have, nothing crucial.
```

Author: By alias you mean a method on the event repo directly to create a projection?

Reviewer: Yes, something like that. But that could be added later if needed!

	switch e := event.Data().(type) {
	case *Born:
		// handle the event
	}
	return nil
})
```

### Run a Projection

A projection can be started in three different ways.

#### RunOnce

> RunOnce fetch events from the event store one time. It return true if there were events to iterate otherwise false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RunOnce fetch events from the event store one time. It returns true if there were events to iterate otherwise false.
```

```go
RunOnce() (bool, error)
```

#### RunToEnd

RunToEnd fetch events from the event store until it reaches the end of the event stream. A context is passed in making it possible to cancel the projections from the outside.

```go
RunToEnd(ctx context.Context) error
```

#### Run

Run will run forever until canceled from the outside. When it hits the end of the event stream it will start a timer and sleep the time set in the projection property `Pace`.

```go
Run(ctx context.Context) error
```

### Projection properties

> * Pace - Is used in the Run method to set how often the projection will poll the event store for new events.
> 
> * Strict - Default true and it will trigger an error if a fetched event is not registered in the event `Register`. This force all events to be handled by the callbackFunc.
> 
> * Name - The name of the projection. Can be usefull when debugging multiple running projection. The default name is the index it was created from the projection handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Pace** - Is used in the Run method to set how often the projection will poll the event store for new events.
* **Strict** - Default true and it will trigger an error if a fetched event is not registered in the event `Register`. This force all events to be handled by the callbackFunc.
* **Name** - The name of the projection. Can be useful when debugging multiple running projection. The default name is the index it was created from the projection handler.
```
